ANNs are simple enough for inexperienced programmers, but sufficiently complex to implement essential components that will be expanded later. 
These include multilayer perceptron (MLP), backpropagation, forward propagation, and error.

In this assignment, students will build an ANN. Then, write a comprehensive technical report as a Python Jupyter notebook to include all code, 
code comments, all outputs, plots, and analysis. Make sure the project documentation contains a) Problem statement, b) Algorithm of the solution,
 c) Analysis of the findings, and d) References.

Download the "NBA Players Dataset," located in the topic Resources. The data set contains basketball players' characteristics.

Select a pool of 100 players from the data set, within a 5-year window.
Define "optimal team" based on your decision of the player characteristics necessary to build a team. For example, if all 5 players are 3-point shooters,
 the team will miss defenders, which will make it unbalanced.
Your task is to identify the optimal team of 5 players from that pool.
Examine the multilayer neural network MLP architecture depicted in the "CST-435 An Artificial Neural Network Model Image."
Build a deep artificial neural network MLP to include the following: a) 1 input layer, b) as many hidden layers as you deem necessary, 
and c) an output layer fully connected to the hidden layers.
Explain your architecture and how the basketball player characteristics are used as inputs.
Activate the MLP by performing the following steps:

Starting at the input layer, forward propagate the patterns of the training data through the network to generate an output.
Based on the network's output, calculate the error that we want to minimize using a cost function that we will describe later.
Backpropagate the error, find its derivative with respect to each weight in the network, and update the model.
Repeat steps 1 through 3 for multiple epochs and learn the weights of the MLP.
Use forward propagation to calculate the network output and apply a threshold function to obtain the predicted class labels in the one-hot representation.
Interpret the output of your MLP in the context of selecting an optimal basketball team.
APA style is not required, but solid academic writing is expected.

This assignment uses a rubric. Please review the rubric prior to beginning the assignment to become familiar with the expectations for successful completion.

You are not required to submit this assignment to LopesWrite. 

